Now let's finally show the edit answer form here
here
let's add a bootstrap form-group
inside here
let's add text area
and give it a class form-control.
Here I leave the rows attribute to 10
and here we can use v-model directive to create two
ways data bindings between answer body and text
area.
like so
here I also add a cancel button
to undo the change.
when this button clicked we need to
change the editing states to false
and to make this body html  reactive
we can change this like so
OK
here we called body and body
html so let's define both of these
in our data method
body colon this answer dot body. Body
html
this dot answer
body html.  Now if you remember
that the body html is an accessory.
So let's add that in appends attribute of
answer model. Let's open answer model
and in here let's
add body_html.
And here
I'll remove
the underscore as I defined in data method.
Let's save all changes and have a look
edit button
here our edit answer form appear hit update button. The form
disappear and the page reload
I'll hit the button one more time and then hit the cancel button.
The form disappear again and the page reload
and we'll fix that letter.
OK
now it is time to make the form functional.
Let's flip back over to our editor and here in the form let's add
v-on and then specify the event type in
this case the event type will be submit.
Remember we can replace the v-on with `@` symbol.
And then let's add event modifier `prevent`
to prevent the form submitting the form.
And now the expression will be method name
In this case `update`.
So whenever we submit the form we'll call `update` method.
Now let's switch to answer dot vue and go to script
tag. Here
I'll add other properties `id` to hold answer id.
And then  `question_id` to hold a question id of the answer
and here let's add methods property
and then inside here let's define `update` method.
When this method is called we'll send to our server
an AJAX request by utilizing axios library. To
make AJAX request using axios
we can simply say axios dot patch
remember we use `patch` instead of `put` method
because we will only update one attribute
In this case answer's body. This method needs to arguments.
The first one is endpoint. Let's see our routes
here
Let's cover this
URI
and here I'm going to put the URI in back tick
rather than single or double quotes.
This is something called template literal and it
makes working with a string interpolation is much
easier.
I'll paste the uri here
and I'm going to change the question with the this question id
and then I'm going to change the answer with this id
OK
In the second argument of the patch method we
need to specify the data that will be sent in object.
In this case body colon this dot body that's it.
Here we don't it to pass `csrf` token such as
we did when working with normal form.
This is because `csrf` token has been set by default by Laravel.
So if you go to
assets js folder and then open bootstrap.js file.
Here you can see window axios defaults headers common X-CSRF-TOKEN equals token dot content. And the token
content is come from here.
So make sure in the head section
of your layout you have this `meta`.
Now the patch method returns something called promise.
A promise allows as to associate handlers with an
asynchronous actions
eventual success value or failure reason.
So here we can chain in with then and catch.
So if the ajax call was successful we go inside `then`
method and execute whatever is inside there.
Otherwise if the ajax call was failed we guilt and said
`catch` method and again execute whatever is inside
there.
inside this `then` method we can
pass in a function or arrow function.
It should be has one argument to represents ajax response.
For now let's console log the response
and we also need to change the state of the editing to false
in catch method
We can also pass a function or errow function and
it should be has one argument that hold a response.
For now let's console log a message.
Now on the server side we need to make a bit
change to update method in answers control.
So let's open the file
Here instead of redirecting to a question dot
show page we need to return json response.
Here we can say return response json
and then I'm going to send some data back to the client.
The first one is a message
I'll copy the message here.
And the second is body html because when
an answer has been updated the body html of
the answer
should be change immediately.
Here we could remove this line or we can keep it
and wrap this the response json
in if statement like this.
This will ensure that the response json will only
be returned if you want to return json data.
But if you don't want that then
this redirect will be returned.
All right let's save all changes
and give it a shot. Reload the page
and open the developer tool
and then hit the network tab and choose XHR
Let's edit an answer
hit update
here
we can see our request if you go to header
we can see the request URL, request
method `patch` and status code OK.
If we go to response
here we can see the message but here the body html is empty.
We'll fix that shortly.
And so if we go to console we can see the actual response.
Our json data can be found in data.
Currently if you're not updated the answer
and then hit cancel button here
nothing change in this answer body.
But if we hit the edit button again
the answer body in this  text area has changed.
If we reload the page
now the answer's body is also change.
So to fix this we need to change the body html in
our answer component with body html from
json response. So let's switch back over to
our editor  and I need to assign the body html
of the answer
Instance here
and then let's switched to answer dot vue
and here we simply change the body
html with res dot data dot body html
Let's also display the message for now we'll show it javascript
alert. In upcoming lesson
we'll come back here and beautify the message.
And here I'll remove the console log. Let's save
and give it a shot one more time. Edit
an answer.
Hit update
The answer is no change here because
in data method I define `bodyHtml`.
So here I need to remove the underscore.
Save and let's try one more time.
Hit update button
now we can see the answer body here changed immediately.